docs: improve split-operator documentation (#1024)
algorithm-archivists/algorithm-archive: contents/split-operator_method/split-operator_method.md

# The Split-Operator Method

> The Split-Operator Method (also called the Split-Step Method) can be best understood, as a problem-solving approach or meta-algorithm rather than a standalone algorithm, which solves a single problem.

Author: So I have a question here. Should I make the change in my branch to call this, "split-step fourier method", or have I really just taken us both down a rabbit hole which is unhelpful?

> The Split-Operator Method (also called the Split-Step Method) can be best understood, as a problem-solving approach or meta-algorithm rather than a standalone algorithm, which solves a single problem.

Reviewer: Can I come back to this? I think what might happen is I do a new PR that is co-authored with you on this with the necessary changes. This discussion is a good one, I just have to rethink about how to package it.

It'll take like 10 minutes, but I might not have that time available until later this week.

> The Split-Operator Method (also called the Split-Step Method) can be best understood, as a problem-solving approach or meta-algorithm rather than a standalone algorithm, which solves a single problem.

Author: its not urgent to me. This was sort of me thinking I was helping, but maybe I'm not

> The Split-Operator Method (also called the Split-Step Method) can be best understood, as a problem-solving approach or meta-algorithm rather than a standalone algorithm, which solves a single problem.

Reviewer: For the record, the conversation is definitely helpful! Thanks

> It describes a way of decomposing complex problems into smaller, more manageable subproblems, which can then be solved iteratively or in parallel.

Reviewer: I don't understand this statement. Isn't the Split-operator method (by definition) a way to split up operators in a hamiltonian (or possibly lagrangian, I guess)?

In this case, I think it should be:

```suggestion
It describes a way of decomposing a physical equation of energy into different subspaces where it is easier to find solutions.
```

Or something
